yep can um squeeze into the single mode
to go in pollution yeah what's the worst
come a bit worse that's a good idea yeah
okay then yep you wouldn't want to get
everything done right okay
yet
this meant it
right maybe better stood up yeah
well that flipped over the other way so
the wheels are at the top lot of things
but there's all kind of twisting into
the involved
had more operations to get all right
that's okay
depending on what you want to put
yeah
I've got all that food that we're very
poppy yes it'll have to be single
squeezed together to get that one in the
side you reckon yep
to do that yeah yeah
one of these on the floor
you can take out two little magical two
little plastic
I wondered and you squeeze it down here
this will all go we did is we had it
originally which is really what I would
do practice right okay
okay usable space yet that's a good idea
yet
yeah
in
right I'll attempt because the Visia put
fry okay
one belt Cody
holiday yeah
sorry let's cherry chameleon this to it
yeah
see I'm just thinking I'm probably not
going to have this car for much longer
I'm probably going to be getting a car
the bigger poot so you know I'll be a
maybe struggling for a little bit but
you know I think I'll just have to start
walking everywhere
valuable time maybe I did it differently
no course not
is it double unique yeah yeah
and then we've still got some room I
know with the pastor shelf of this your
stomach fit yeah in which place would
probably be
we deployed so this is what I would want
to care you can take that off little
Mike could
going through
yep
you need to get it an angle
you might play in town
I just don't want to scuff your car
about trying it the other buy that you
had it so in front of that one down
there laying down just push it in
the other way
yeah so it will fit yep very from the
back he was crying as well
then take up these wheels which be given
folding
thankfully